#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
albucore==0.0.24
    # via albumentations
albumentations==2.0.8
    # via -r requirements.in
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
click==8.2.1
    # via flask
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
filelock==3.18.0
    # via torch
flask==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.59.0
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2025.7.0
    # via torch
imageio==2.37.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-image
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   flask
    #   torch
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.10.5
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
munch==4.0.0
    # via pretrainedmodels
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   torch
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   albucore
    #   albumentations
    #   contourpy
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   opencv-python
    #   opencv-python-headless
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   tifffile
    #   torchvision
opencv-python==4.12.0.88
    # via -r requirements.in
opencv-python-headless==4.12.0.88
    # via
    #   albucore
    #   albumentations
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
    #   torchvision
pretrainedmodels==0.7.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via albumentations
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via matplotlib
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   albumentations
scikit-image==0.25.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.15.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   albumentations
    #   scikit-image
    #   scikit-learn
simsimd==6.5.0
    # via albucore
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
stringzilla==3.12.6
    # via albucore
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tifffile==2025.5.10
    # via scikit-image
torch==2.8.0
    # via
    #   pretrainedmodels
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.23.0
    # via pretrainedmodels
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pretrainedmodels
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via pydantic
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via flask
